fixes https://github.com/wso2/docs-apim/issues/4269 (#4713)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/install-and-setup/setup/mi-setup/observability/observability-deployment-strategy.md

### Technologies

> The cloud-native observability solution is based on proven projects from the **Cloud Native Computing Foundation**, which makes the solution cloud native and future-roof. Following are the technologies used in the current solution:

Author: ```suggestion
The cloud-native observability solution is based on proven projects from the **Cloud Native Computing Foundation**, which makes the solution cloud native and future-proof. Following are the technologies used in the current solution:
```

> The cloud-native observability solution is based on proven projects from the **Cloud Native Computing Foundation**, which makes the solution cloud native and future-proof. Following are the technologies used in the current solution:

Reviewer: Shall we reword "future-proof" to something else? Let's use something like "sustainable" or "not susceptible to changes in future trends".

> The cloud-native observability solution is based on proven projects from the **Cloud Native Computing Foundation**, which makes the solution cloud native and future-proof. Following are the technologies used in the current solution:

Author: ```suggestion
The cloud-native observability solution is based on proven projects from the **Cloud Native Computing Foundation**, which makes the solution cloud native and not susceptible to changes in future trends. Following are the technologies used in the current solution:
```
